c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\concrt140.dll
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\cvextern.dll
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\msvcp140.dll
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\opencv_ffmpeg330_64.dll
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\vcruntime140.dll
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\cvextern.lib
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\XRayCamera.exe.config
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\XRayCamera.exe
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\XRayCamera.pdb
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\obj\Debug\XRayCamera.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\obj\Debug\XRayCamera.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\obj\Debug\XRayCamera.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\obj\Debug\XRayCamera.exe
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\obj\Debug\XRayCamera.pdb
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\obj\Debug\XRayCamera.Form1.resources
c:\users\dumas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\obj\Debug\XRayCamera.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dumas\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\XRayCamera\XRayCamera\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib-2005.dll
